docs/#596 remove redundant info from Data Archiving page (#814)
redpanda-data/documentation: docs/platform/data-management/tiered-storage.mdx

   cloud_storage_region: eu-north-1
   cloud_storage_bucket: pandabucket
   ```

For additional properties, see [Tiered Storage configuration properties](../tiered-storage#tiered-storage-configuration-properties).

  </TabItem>
      <TabItem value="GCS" label="Google Cloud Storage" default>

To configure access to Google Cloud Storage with an IAM role: 

1. Configure an [IAM role](../../security/iam-roles). 

2. Edit the the following required properties with the `rpk cluster config edit` command:

   ```properties
   cloud_storage_enabled: true
   cloud_storage_credentials_source: gcp_instance_metadata
   cloud_storage_region: eu-north-1
   cloud_storage_bucket: pandabucket
   ```

To instead configure access to Google Cloud Storage with access keys:

1. Choose a uniform access control when you create the bucket. 
2. Use a Google-managed encryption key. 
3. Set a [default project](https://cloud.google.com/storage/docs/migrating#defaultproj). 
4. Create a service user with [HMAC keys](https://cloud.google.com/storage/docs/authentication/managing-hmackeys) and copy the access key and secret key for the `cloud_storage_access_key` and `cloud_storage_secret_key` cluster properties.

> 5. Edit the following required properties with the `rpk cluster config edit` command:

Reviewer: Same as before:
```suggestion
5. Run the `rpk cluster config edit` command, then edit the following required properties::
```

To create a cloud storage bucket and configure Redpanda:

> 1. Use [IAM roles](../../security/iam-roles) to create a user who can access S3.

Reviewer 2: Let's break this out to have two workflows. One is by using secrets and an access key and the config would look like the following: 

```properties
cloud_storage_enabled: true
cloud_storage_access_key: ***
cloud_storage_secret_key: ***
cloud_storage_region: eu-north-1
cloud_storage_bucket: pandabucket
```

and then another section that talks about using an IAM role attached to the instance where the config would look like the following: 

```properties
cloud_storage_enabled: true
cloud_storage_credentials_source: aws_instance_metadata
cloud_storage_region: eu-north-1
cloud_storage_bucket: pandabucket
```

This is for AWS but the one for GCP would look like this: 

```properties
cloud_storage_enabled: true
cloud_storage_credentials_source: gcp_instance_metadata
cloud_storage_region: eu-north-1
cloud_storage_bucket: pandabucket
```

Author: Thank you, @rkruze! Please review this updated draft: https://deploy-preview-814--redpanda-documentation.netlify.app/docs/platform/data-management/tiered-storage/#configure-cloud-storage

To ensure all data is uploaded, you must enable remote write before any data is produced to the topic. If remote write is not enabled, data may be deleted due to retention settings. 

To enable Tiered Storage, use remote write in conjunction with remote read. 

:::note

> If you only enable remote write on a topic, you have a simple backup that you still can run recovery on. See [Data Archiving](../data-archiving).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you only enable remote write on a topic, you have a simple backup that you can use for recovery. See [Data Archiving](../data-archiving).
```
